Add standard handling for unprocessable entities (#162)
ba-st/Stargate: docs/reference/Controllers.md

- `ConflictingObjectFound` will raise a 409/Conflict error
- `KeyNotFound` and `NeoJSONParseError` will raise a 400/Bad Request error
- `TeaNoSuchParam` will raise a 400/Bad Request error

> - `InstanceCreationFailed` will raise a 422/Unprocessable entity if happen during

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `InstanceCreationFailed` will raise a 422/Unprocessable entity if it happens during
```
